霍兰德兴趣环境(分类)(RIASEC)：The following items were rated on a 1-5 scale of how much they would like to perform that task, with the labels 1=Dislike, 3=Neutral, 5=Enjoy.

R1	Test the quality of parts before shipment
R2	Lay brick or tile
R3	Work on an offshore oil-drilling rig
R4	Assemble electronic parts
R5	Operate a grinding machine in a factory
R6	Fix a broken faucet
R7	Assemble products in a factory
R8	Install flooring in houses
I1	Study the structure of the human body
I2	Study animal behavior
I3	Do research on plants or animals
I4	Develop a new medical treatment or procedure
I5	Conduct biological research
I6	Study whales and other types of marine life
I7	Work in a biology lab
I8	Make a map of the bottom of an ocean
A1	Conduct a musical choir
A2	Direct a play
A3	Design artwork for magazines
A4	Write a song
A5	Write books or plays
A6	Play a musical instrument
A7	Perform stunts for a movie or television show
A8	Design sets for plays
S1	Give career guidance to people
S2	Do volunteer work at a non-profit organization
S3	Help people who have problems with drugs or alcohol
S4	Teach an individual an exercise routine
S5	Help people with family-related problems
S6	Supervise the activities of children at a camp
S7	Teach children how to read
S8	Help elderly people with their daily activities
E1	Sell restaurant franchises to individuals
E2	Sell merchandise at a department store
E3	Manage the operations of a hotel
E4	Operate a beauty salon or barber shop
E5	Manage a department within a large company
E6	Manage a clothing store
E7	Sell houses
E8	Run a toy store
C1	Generate the monthly payroll checks for an office
C2	Inventory supplies using a hand-held computer
C3	Use a computer program to generate customer bills
C4	Maintain employee records
C5	Compute and record statistical and other numerical data
C6	Operate a calculator
C7	Handle customers' bank transactions
C8	Keep shipping and receiving records



The Ten Item Personality Inventory was administered (see Gosling, S. D., Rentfrow, P. J., & Swann, W. B., Jr. (2003). A Very Brief Measure of the Big Five Personality Domains. Journal of Research in Personality, 37, 504-528.):

TIPI1	Extraverted, enthusiastic.
TIPI2	Critical, quarrelsome.
TIPI3	Dependable, self-disciplined.
TIPI4	Anxious, easily upset.
TIPI5	Open to new experiences, complex.
TIPI6	Reserved, quiet.
TIPI7	Sympathetic, warm.
TIPI8	Disorganized, careless.
TIPI9	Calm, emotionally stable.
TIPI10	Conventional, uncreative.

The TIPI items were rated "I see myself as:" _____ such that

1 = Disagree strongly
2 = Disagree moderately
3 = Disagree a little
4 = Neither agree nor disagree
5 = Agree a little
6 = Agree moderately
7 = Agree strongly
